Update the Bug_Report.md template to remove the default title and provide better guidance (#14479)
PowerShell/PowerShell: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Bug_Report.md

For Windows PowerShell 5.1 issues, suggestions, or feature requests please use the following link instead:
Windows PowerShell [UserVoice](https://windowsserver.uservoice.com/forums/301869-powershell)

> This repository is **ONLY** for PowerShell Core 6 and PowerShell 7+ issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is **ONLY** for PowerShell 7+ issues:
```

  - If you're seeing behavior that deviates from the intended, documented behavior, report it here, assuming that you can reproduce it in the [latest released version](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/releases) and that it hasn't already been reported (please search the existing issues).

>   

Reviewer 2: I think we should recommend to download _daily_ build with latest fixes.

Author: Agreed re long instructions.

The main reason for creating this PR was to direct people to more appropriate forums, if their problem isn't an actual bug or at least _potential_ bug based on a solid understanding of the feature involved and its intended behavior.

Conversely, we don't want to make it too hard for people who do have an actual problem with PowerShell itself to report, and I think requiring use of the latest daily build is too much to ask.

I think we should allow at least the latest stable and preview versions, and possibly even all versions that are officially supported at the time of reporting.
Ideally, the actual version numbers should be explicitly enumerated, to save users a trip to another page, though for that we'd have to an automated process of updating these numbers.

Reviewer 2: >  I think requiring use of the latest daily build is too much to ask.

But we ask often this in issues :-)

Author: We can _recommend_  it, but we should make clear that we don't _require_ it.

If a bug report is well written and contains simple repro steps, it's easy for others to test the behavior on newer versions.

Conversely, user may decide not to bother reporting, if they think installing the latest daily build is a requirement.

Reviewer 2: > Conversely, user may decide not to bother reporting, if they think installing the latest daily build is a requirement.

Why not ask to make the right move? Or even demand it? This is an open source project and no one is obliged to do this check instead. If we get one less bad report then we will have more time for good reports that these reports deserve.

Author: My recommendation: Ask: yes. Demand: no. 

The far bigger problems are:

*  The _quality_ of the reports - people reporting/asking about things as if this were a general PowerShell support forum.

   * We want to direct them to the appropriate forums instead.

* Posting reports without having searched for an existing report or not having found one due to the specific search terms used.

  * We want to encourage prior searching, though I suspect compliance will be low.

  * There was an experimental GitHub feature for a while that showed you possible duplicates as you typed your report's title, but it looks like they ended up not implementing it, which is a shame, because it is the most convenient way to discover duplicates, assuming the dynamic search works well.

By contrast, a high-quality report, even if it isn't based on the very latest version, is still useful - assuming that they've searched existing issues first to prevent duplicates. If there is no duplicate, chances are the bug is still present in the latest version.

  - If you need to get clarity on what the intended behavior is or if you have questions about PowerShell in general, please instead seek help from the community via the following forums:
  

>     - The [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/powershell/shared_invite/enQtMzA3MDcxNTM5MTkxLTBmMWIyNzhkYzVjNGRiOTgxZmFlN2E0ZmVmOWU5NDczNTY2NDFhZjFlZTM1MTZiMWIzZDcwMGYzNjQ3YTRkNWM) and [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/AtzXnJM) community chat forums (they seamlessly talk to each other).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The [Slack](https://aka.ms/psslack) and [Discord](https://aka.ms/psdiscord) community chat forums (they seamlessly talk to each other).
```

 
    - Q&A site [StackOverflow.com](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/powershell) and the [PowerShell.org](https://powershell.org/forums/) forum for searching or posting questions about PowerShell.

See also:
- [FAQ](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/blob/master/docs/FAQ.md).

> - [Known Issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/whats-new/known-issues-ps6).

Reviewer: I wonder if it makes sense for us to add links like this into a new section of the README or another doc instead.

I don't have a strong preference -- I suspect it's unlikely that people will read either place. I just haven't found that making our issue templates larger fixes the problems we see with reports, and the README at least renders the markdown nicely.

Then we can just link into the README (or other doc) from the template (although again, lack of markdown rendering means users are probably less likely to follow the link).

Author: Thanks, @rjmholt. 

I can see the problem with lack of rendering and therefore lack of clickable links, but, as you state, we have a bootstrapping problem there: the link to a separate README would itself not be clickable.

Either way, it probably makes sense to remove the Markdown formatting altogether from the template.

As for whether a separate README is called for: 

While I can see the problem with having too much text in the template itself, the flip side is that an additional level of indirection - having to follow the README link manually - may make users even less inclined to read the information.

Author: Per https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues/14474#issuecomment-749265001, it sounds like adding a link to GitHub Discussion may soon be called for as well.
